# Package team meeting [DATE]

Attendees: Lotte, Kevin, Richard, Nik, & Andy

Notetaker: Andy

## Agenda

- Status on Package Awards
- Status on [Umbpack](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack)
- Status on [Package Templates](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates)
- Status on [Umbraco.Packages](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages) issues
- Status on [UI Examples](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples)
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Package Awards
Judging panel doing a great job in reviewing the packages.  Have had two calls and a final one due next Wednesday for decision time.

Discussed the package awards session at Codgarden, planned for Friday 10:30 CEST, and running for 45 minutes.  Lotte (in studio) and Richard (or Savid) (on video conference) to present.

## Status on Umbpack
One PR received and merged.

## Status on Package Templates
Couple of issues pending for action.

## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues
No movement.

## Status on UI Examples
Discussed idea of having a Cloud site available hosting the UI examples packages so it can be viewed permanently online.  Plan to get this arranged and set up after Codegarden.

## Any other business
Had some discussion around the topic of how packages are presented on the various Umbraco websites and assets, and on the naming.  Points raised being:

- The term package does usually need explantion, so isn't ideal for newcomers or non-technical people coming to Umbraco.
- Even if not ideal though, 15 years of momentum is hard to change.
- Possible other terms discussed:
    - "Apps" - not considered appropriate as packages aren't standalone.
    - "Plugins" - describes better, but perhaps has negative connotations of scale/quality from Wordpress.
    - "Extensions"
    - "Add-ons".
    - "Projects" - a term historically used in our and the back-office
- As a term for the "package ecosystem", "marketplace" seems appropriate - and includes commercial and non-commercial (i.e. "marketplace for ideas").
- Packages via the back-office would ideally be divisible into those requiring developer intervention and those safe for one-click install.

## Tasks for next time

For next time we aim to have made progress on:

* Andy - to review any pending package related our.umbraco.com PRs; to procure Cloud site for UI examples (this one for the weeks after Codegarden)
* Lotte - to prepare slide deck for package awards
